---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
**Summary of Week 11**  
My thoughts on Kevin Fleming's visit.  
My contributions to freeCodeCamp.  
Going through the recent issues on the project's GitHub page, I saw that there were more issues related to curriculum this past week than prior weeks. I think that this might have been some of my doing, because the issue that I created last week brought up some other issues regarding the actual code in challenges. This week on freeCodeCamp I created another [issue](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37748) related to the Basic JavaScript curriculum on their website. I created this issue on 11/12, as it took some time to go through the coding challenges and find things that should be edited. The issue relates to the description of the <code>.length</code> function in a JavaScript challenge. Due to the challenge being for beginners at coding, I felt that the description of the <code>.length</code> function needed to include that spaces are taken into account when calculating the length of a string. I created a [pull request](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37749) to resolve this issue. The checks that need to be passed for the pull request to be merged into the master branch, have been passed as of 11/13. I am now waiting for a review and an approval from one of the maintainers of the project. 

My contributions to Wikipedia.


**My Thoughts on [System76 introduces laptops with open source BIOS coreboot](https://opensource.com/article/19/11/coreboot-system76-laptops?utm_campaign=intrel)**


