---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

** Summary of Week 4 **  
In class we were shown how to work on GitHub repositories through our local
machines using git. Using this knowledge, I was able to edit my blog post for
Week 3 through my local machine's command line. I also contributed to OpenStreetMap
adding the names to a couple of pathways in a cemetery. 
This week I edited a peer's blog post using the procedure in [Collaborative Editing](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/csci395.86/activities_f19/blog_editing_activity.pdf).
I fixed spelling mistakes and changed a sentence for clarity. The work flow that 
is described in the Collaborative Editing Procedure differs from the one described in
[GitHub Workflow Activity](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/csci395.86/slides/github-workflow-presentation.pdf) because we spoke about in class that it is smart to reach out to the
maintainers of the repository, to let them know what you are changing a certain aspect to
reduce the risk of merge conflicts.

** Comment on your experience with the Git activity that you did in class 
today. Was it useful? Was it confusing? Did you have time to finish? Did 
you have merge conflicts? Were you able to resolve them? **  
I enjoyed the activity that we did in class because I got to practice using Git
commands a little more and become more familiar with them. I now know what each
of the commands mean and feel more comfortable using them, so this activity was
very useful. I did not find it confusing and I was able to finish the activity in time.
I did have to merge conflicts because my teammates and I were trying to edit the same
line of a file. We had to resolve these issues by manually editing which lines we
wanted in the file.

** What are your reactions to the above on-line readings. Pick one or two
that made an impression on you and articulate your thoughts about them. **  
I really enjoyed reading the article [7 Things That Make a Great Open Source Contribution](https://blog.newrelic.com/engineering/open-source-contribution/)
because it brought attention to things that might get overlooked when you dive
into contributing. One thing that I thought was a good tip for contributing to open source
projects was to submit one issue at a time instead of combining tasks. 
This is something that I had not given much thought to but is very beneficial
to any kind of project. Before reading this article I would have combined two tasks
together thinking that I was hitting two birds with one stone. However, it now makes sense
to tackle one task at a time and submit the pull requests separately to make changes
easier to understand.
Another tip I thought was helpful from this article was to have your pull request reviewed 
by someone else before you submit it. I found this to be a good tip because it is always
good to have a second pair of eyes to proofread any work that you do.  
