---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

**Summary of Week 12**  
This week I was looking through the open issues on the [freeCodeCamp](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp) GitHub repository. I have been making contributions in the Basic JavaScript curriculum, and I saw an [issue](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37733) about an "unclear description" regarding a switch statement in one of the challenges. I saw that the issue had 10 comments and I became a little discouraged because I assumed that the issue might have been taken care of already. After looking through all the comments, I saw that no one had been assigned to it and no one had referenced it in a pull request so I decided to take on the issue. I created a [pull request](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37757) on 11/14 and within a couple of hours one of the maintainers had requested some changes. The same day, after making the suggested changes, I got a second approval from a maintainer and the pull request was merged.

Additionally, this week I made two Wikipedia contributions. This past summer I went to Mexico and got to tour Mexico City. There, I went to a plaza called, Plaza del Zócalo, where many of the city's events are held. I decided to look up the Wikipedia page for it and found some spelling and grammar [errors to fix](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Z%C3%B3calo&diff=prev&oldid=926697659). My other contribution came about by watching a National Women's Soccer League game. I decided to look up a player's Wikipedia page and also saw spelling and grammar mistakes, so I made an [edit](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ali_Krieger&diff=prev&oldid=926698970) to the page.

**My Thoughts on [Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?)**  
The article brought up some things that I was not aware of, such as the hardware and software of most voting systems being used today were built during the 1990s. I found this very interesting because people usually continue to use technology for a long period of time if it does the job it was designed for relatively well. In this case, however, elections are a very big deal and there are instances of the technology malfunctioning so it is surprising that this old technology is still being used. It is not to say that building a new voting system is simple, but it is concerning that a significant amount of time has passed and no improvements have been made. The article points out that lack of improvement is due to service contracts that last for decades. Considering that technology is ever-evolving, it is interesting that something as important as a voting system is being held in time because of contracts.
