---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**Summary of Week 2**
In the class we reviewed the history of free and open source software. Additionally, we looked at different ways to contribute to open source projects.

**What types of contributions do you think are suitable choices for you to make as your first contributions to an open source project? What types of projects interest you and how do you see your relationship to them?**

I think that one of my first contributions to an open source project would be to correct spelling and grammer misktakes in the documentations for projects. This is something that can be overlooked and could make a big difference in understanding what the author is trying to say. I also think that maintaining an FAQ or a HowTo document would be a good way to contribute to an open source project because if the mission of the project is to make profit, it is important that people know how to use it. Additionally, I think that suggesting new features or options for the project would be a good way to contribute. 

Some projects that interest me are ones that help people get into coding and learn how to code, for example freeCodeCamp. Other projects that interest me are ones that build free applications as an alternative to ones that are often times paid for, for example Kodi which is a free streaming application. I am a user of both freeCodeCamp and Kodi, and enjoy the services that they provide. I would like to contribute to these projects in order to give back for the services they provided me with and to make them better.
