---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

**Summary of Week 7**  
This week we practiced evaluating an open source project using the [evaluation template](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-fall-2019/project-evaluation-activity-01/blob/fall19/evaluation_template.md). I found this to be a very useful exercise because it helped me to look for the aspects of a project that are important in determining whether it is a good fit. It also allowed me to practice searching for certain information about a project on OpenHub and GitHub.

This week I contributed to OpenStreetMap changing the name of a gym in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. I also contributed to a Hacktober project hosted on GitHub, making a pull request to change the formatting of the Contributors page.

**My reactions to evaluating the project, Doxygen**  
After doing a project evaluation for Mumble with my teammates, evaluating Doxygen was much easier. I was able to locate the information I needed on GitHub and OpenHub much faster after having done it once before. However, finding the maintainers for Doxygen was more difficult because most of them were not listed under "People" on GitHub but within a file in the repository. This file listed languages that the project is translated into and the maintainers for these languages. Prior to doing this evaluation, I paid no mind to code documentation but I later learned just how important code documentation is especially in an open source project. Not everyone that is currently working on the project will know what the code means and new contributors definately will not know, thus code documentation is appreciated among all contributors. After finding more information on Doxygen, I was not all that interested in the project. I did find interest however in Mumble and I think that there are a lot of areas within the project that I could contribute to.
